CONNECTION_CLOSE is non-ack-eliciting (#3098)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

Ack-eliciting Packet:

: A QUIC packet that contains frames other than ACK, PADDING, and

>   CONNECTION_CLOSE. These cause a recipient to send an acknowledgment (see

Reviewer: If you bundle a CONNECTION_CLOSE with other frames, it's still not ack ack-eliciting, is it?

## Generating Acknowledgements {#generating-acks}

Endpoints acknowledge all packets they receive and process. However, only

> ack-eliciting packets trigger the sending of an ACK frame.  Packets that are not

Reviewer 2: Can we fix this here?  I know that this isn't this PR, but I would prefer to say:

```suggestion
ack-eliciting packets cause an ACK frame to be sent within the maximum ack delay.  Packets that are not
```

Or something like that.

> ack-eliciting packets cause an ACK frame to be sent within the maximum ack delay.  Packets that are not

Reviewer 3: Formatting nit: This needs to be a new line to make CircleCI happy
